Classification is a supervised machine learning method 
where the model tries to predict the correct label of 
a given input data. In classification, the model is fully 
trained using the training data, and then it is evaluated 
on test data before being used to perform prediction on new 
unseen data.


Some real life examples of classification 

healthcare:
 training a model on historical data of paitent that can help 
 healthcare specialist accuractely analyse and make diagonisis 
Education: 
 As it deal with differnt type of data ( image, tectual, video and audio). this unstructured 
 information can be analysed with the the help of NLP 
Transportation: 



The five popular classification Algorithms in machine learning accuractely
- Logistic Regression 
- Naive Bayes
- K-Nearest Neighbors
- Decision Tree
- Support Vector Machines


Logistic Regression
Logistic regression is a calculation used to predict a binary outcome: 
either something happens, or does not. 

Naive Bayes
Naive Bayes calculates the possibility of whether a data point belongs 
within a certain category or does not. In text analysis, it can be used to 
categorize words or phrases as belonging to a preset “tag” (classification) or not.

K-Nearest Neighbour or KNN
K-nearest neighbors (k-NN) is a pattern recognition algorithm that uses training 
datasets to find the k closest relatives in future examples. 

Decision Tree
A decision tree is a supervised learning algorithm that is perfect for classification 
problems, as it’s able to order classes on a precise level. It works like a flow chart, 
separating data points into two similar categories at a time from the “tree trunk” to 
“branches,” to “leaves,” where the categories become more finitely similar. This creates 
categories within categories, allowing for organic classification with 
limited human supervision.


Support Vector Machines or SVM
A support vector machine (SVM) uses algorithms to train and classify data within degrees 
of polarity, taking it to a degree beyond X/Y prediction. 



