machine learning is an application of AI which enables a program or software  to learn from the past experiences and improve their self. 
learning a machine to perfrom certain taskes after providing a training so that they can perfrom those tasks without human involvement.
data is the most importantt element in this whole process. it include the seven major steps start from gathering data which we required to 
make computer learn tasks, the second step is to prepare that data, then chosing the model that suits best to make machine perfrom learning 
in better and most accurate way. next step is train the model by providing differnt input then evaluation or we call it testing by providing 
input and testing the learning accuracy. hyperparameter tunning to make further improvements and make the necessary changes to make it perfect 
and last step is predection or deployment in the sector it is required. Machine learning is a continous process. 





Machine learning fundamentals

Diference between the AI, neural networks and machine learning 

Artifical Intellegence:
The effort to automate intellectual tasks normally perfromed by humans.

AI is predefiend rules that humans have comeup and then typed in computer
AI can be simple and complex as per the task requirements 


Machine learing figures out the rules for us, thats why we need a 
large amount of data to train the models
As it is not sure that everytime we get the correct results using the machine learning models
so we try to get the higest accuracy possible for the machine learning models.As there are many factors that 
affects the results 

Rather than giving program the rules, an algorithm finds the rules for us. 

Neural netoworks or deep learning, it is a form of machine learning that uses 
a layered representation of data.
in neural netoworks we have input layer which have data and then different layers and the last is output layer 
which contain the results, or we call it multi stage infromation extraction process

Data
The most important component, whic is building block in above technologies 

fetaures is the input data that we give models to train the models
label is the output data or what infromation we are looking for.It reprsent what we are 
looking for.
Data plays a important role in developing a model as the results depend on the type of data
we are feeding to the machine learning modesl in order to generate results.
